welcome where it's always prolific and
consistent Sean's entertainment on
youtube com make sure to like this video
and subscribe with a crucial backstage
update as concerned SummerSlam 2013 now
the following comes from the wrestling
observer newsletter the link the source
the proof is in the description of this
video as concerns the WWE Championship
match for SummerSlam it is being rumored
that while a Randy Orton Cashin could
transpire at Somerset which is what
everybody is expecting on if he does
well you go ahead and cash in on either
Cena or Brian but if Randy Orton doesn't
cash in his Money in the Bank he will
still likely play a part an important
part in the WWE Championship match
between John Cena and Daniel Bryan so
does that mean rain is still going to
turn heel does that mean Randy Orton is
going to sway us in another direction
also furthermore it's also being said
that any angle is expected to take place
during the John Cena Daniel Bryan match
that will give a boost a major push of
sorts to the Triple H mr. McMahon
storyline like I said the anticipation
the aura the excitement arm you know
everything that's going into this
SummerSlam there's just so much at stake
there's so much to look forward to arm
like I said guys this is going to be a
SummerSlam for the record book we saw
what happened on Smackdown with Daniel
Bryan and Wade Barrett when McMillan
McMahon and Triple H got involved in any
time you get the McMahons and Triple H
involved on TV you know it's going to be
something special you know it's going to
be something out of the ordinary and
probably something you really haven't
seen before conflict drama um
confliction all that stuff is going to
take to an all-time high so your
comments and your opinions and of course
there's also talk that on Ravi and diem
the big show Mark Henry the shield in
the Divas match will all play a part on
the actual SummerSlam pay-per-view card
itself so ladies and gentlemen sure you
stay locked on the show and rear
entertainment as I am here to give my
view my opinion on all the late-breaking
news rumors and headlines as it concerns
all the backstage stuff that goes into
SummerSlam and like I said I wouldn't at
all be have a problem if Orin does make
it magic for it comes down makes it look
like it's going to cash in but then all
of a sudden just turns heel on Cena or
Ryan doesn't cash in and you know
weights and you know does something that
still sticks out with something that is
monumental because Randy Orton has had a
lot of great memories and moments at
SummerSlam and why wouldn't rain don't
want to stick out at this summer so I'm
seeing that Randy Orton is even a part
of the card now wouldn't be something
special if Ravi and Dean versus Randy
Orton happened on the street view
although it doesn't seem like the WWE is
going to go in that route as you know
Ravi and diem has a thing to do with the
shield and Dean Ambrose the United
States Championship so ladies and join
your comments your opinions subscribe